README.md, before:

![bioSyntax Logo](bioSyntax_logo.png)
![Fasta Banner](http://biosyntax.org/images/fa-banner.png)

Syntax highlighting for computational biology to bring you intuitively close to your data.

Support in **vim**, **less**, **sublime3** & **gedit** for `.sam`, `.flagstat`, `.vcf`, `.fasta`, `.fastq`, `.faidx`, `.clustal`, `.pdb`, `.gtf`, `.bed` files & more.

# [bioSyntax.org](http://biosyntax.org/)

## Usage
bioSyntax integrates seamlessly with your text editor, recognizing data-type by the file extension or streamed into `less`.

To gain the most insight from your data, read our brief [bioSyntax Manual](http://bioSyntax.org/man).

## [Download Latest Release](https://github.com/bioSyntax/bioSyntax/releases/download/v0.1-beta4/bioSyntax-0.1.beta4.zip)

## [Install](http://bioSyntax.org/install)

## [Screenshots](http://biosyntax.org/screenshots)

`samtools view -h NA19238.bam | sam-less - `
![sam-less](http://biosyntax.org/images/sam-less-small.gif)

*************************************************

### [Collaborate](http://biosyntax.org/dev)

Dev Team: [Artem Babaian](https://github.com/ababaian) | [Anicet Ebou](https://github.com/ebedthan) | [Alyssa Fegen](https://github.com/alyeffy) | [Jeffrey Kam](https://github.com/lazypanda10117) | [Gherman Novakovskiy](https://github.com/fransilvion) | [Jasper Wong](https://github.com/Jwong684)

Contact us: [info[AT]biosyntax.org](mailto:info@biosyntax.org)

A [hackseq17](https://www.hackseq.com) Initiative.

Commit message:

added code of conduct and CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

![bioSyntax Logo](bioSyntax_logo.png)
![Fasta Banner](http://biosyntax.org/images/fa-banner.png)

Syntax highlighting for computational biology to bring you intuitively close to your data.

Support in **vim**, **less**, **sublime3** & **gedit** for `.sam`, `.flagstat`, `.vcf`, `.fasta`, `.fastq`, `.faidx`, `.clustal`, `.pdb`, `.gtf`, `.bed` files & more.

# [bioSyntax.org](http://biosyntax.org/)

## Usage
bioSyntax integrates seamlessly with your text editor, recognizing data-type by the file extension or streamed into `less`.

To gain the most insight from your data, read our brief [bioSyntax Manual](http://bioSyntax.org/man).

## [Download Latest Release](https://github.com/bioSyntax/bioSyntax/releases/download/v0.1-beta4/bioSyntax-0.1.beta4.zip)

## [Install](http://bioSyntax.org/install)

## [Screenshots](http://biosyntax.org/screenshots)

`samtools view -h NA19238.bam | sam-less - `
![sam-less](http://biosyntax.org/images/sam-less-small.gif)

*************************************************

### Code of Conduct

This project is participating in the Mozilla Festival 2018, and as such, respects Mozilla's [community participation guidelines](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/). This serves as a guideline for the behaviour of all participants, remote or local, as well as project leads, facilitators, staff, volunteers, vendors, and anyone else involved in making the Mozilla Global Sprint possible.

### [Collaborate](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Dev Team: [Artem Babaian](https://github.com/ababaian) | [Anicet Ebou](https://github.com/ebedthan) | [Alyssa Fegen](https://github.com/alyeffy) | [Jeffrey Kam](https://github.com/lazypanda10117) | [Gherman Novakovskiy](https://github.com/fransilvion) | [Jasper Wong](https://github.com/Jwong684)

Contact us: [info[AT]biosyntax.org](mailto:info@biosyntax.org)

A [hackseq17](https://www.hackseq.com) Initiative.
